{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}}{\info
{\title                                                         }{\author Bettina Moore}{\operator Bettina Moore}{\creatim\yr2003\mo7\dy1\hr21\min31}{\revtim\yr2003\mo7\dy1\hr21\min31}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords436}{\nofchars2486}
{\*\company Musaica}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0{\*\docvar {ColorPos}{-1}}{\*\docvar {ColorSet}{-1}}{\*\docvar {StylePos}{-1}}{\*\docvar {StyleSet}{-1}}\sectd \pgnrestart\linex0\footery864\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\kerning0 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\kerning0 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22                                                         \tab __________, 2003
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par Honorable [full name]
\par [Address]
\par 
\par Dear [Senator ____________ ]or [Representative _________],
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 
I am writing this letter to request your assistance in support of relief efforts to the Internally Displaced People of Burma (IDPs).  We need your help to encourage our government to take steps to
 help the IDPs and we need members of Congress to encourage the Government of Thailand to allow continued humanitarian relief efforts to the IDPs.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22 
\par The situation in Burma is catastrophic: Aung San Suu Kyi has been arrested again and the massacres and attac
ks on the ethnic people of Burma continue unabated.  IDPs flee from destroyed villages as the Burma Army attacks every district of Karen, Karenni and Shan States. There are over 1 million IDPs in hiding and without assistance some will die; all will suffe
r even more and will be left with little hope.  
\par 
\par Thirteen years after the people of Burma voted overwhelmingly in favor of a democratic government, the dictators of Burma still refuse to transfer power and instead use violence and terror to maintain and ex
pand their power.  This is terrorism at the state level.  
\par 
\par The situation is critical now for all those who are working to help the displaced people and it is critical for the IDPs themselves. While many Thais sympathize with the IDPs and have helped in th
e past, there is growing pressure against assistance to IDPs, and pressure to cease the flow of refugees and to stop anyone from crossing the border for any reason, even the rendering of emergency assistance to IDPs. 
\par 
\par Christian humanitarian relief work ha
s been done quietly but always with the knowledge of Thai authorities.  Relief efforts include medical care, dental care, emergency food supplies, educational, inspirational (Bibles and Hymnals for Christian areas), school supplies, and \'93Good Life Club
\'94 packs of toys, vitamins and cards from children around the world. These efforts also include the training and sending of ethnic relief teams of medics, pastors and teachers.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {However, the Dictators of Burma, (the \'93SPDC\'94), have protested against all humanitar
ian assistance to the IDPs.  Consequently, those who provide aid to IDPs have been warned that adverse actions may be taken against them. 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 
\par It would be helpful if members of Congress would write the Government of Thailand and express their gratitude and ap
preciation for all that Thailand has done for the people fleeing the oppression of the SPDC and to respectfully encourage them to allow continued relief efforts to the IDPs.  We are not asking that the Thai Government actively support relief work, but it 
cannot be done if they actively try to stop it.
\par 
\par We are grateful to Thailand for the help it has rendered to people in desperate need and the open door it has provided to help the oppressed.  We are also grateful to you all for your help and your stand with the oppressed of Burma.  May God bless you.

\par 
\par Sincerely,
\par 
\par 
\par }}